Issue-596: Holistic review of non-quarkus cloud chapter (#625)
apache/incubator-kie-kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/operator/supporting-services.adoc

// links
:kogito_serverless_operator_url: https://github.com/apache/incubator-kie-kogito-serverless-operator/

> Uder the hood, {operator_name} supports several services that ehnance its capabilities. For example 

Author: ```suggestion
Under the hood, {operator_name} supports several services that enhance its capabilities. For example 
```

.Prerequisites
* The {operator_name} installed. See xref:cloud/operator/install-serverless-operator.adoc[] guide

> * A postgresql database. Required when you are targetting non-embedded postgresql versions of supporting services. We recommend creating a postgresql deployment in your cluster. Please note your credentials.

Author: ```suggestion
* A postgresql database. Required if  you are planning to use non-embedded postgresql versions of supporting services. We recommend creating a postgresql deployment in your cluster. Please note your credentials.
```

[#deploy-supporting-services]
== Deploy supporting services

[#deploy-data-index-service]
=== Data Index

> You can deploy Data Index via `SonataFlowPlatform` configuration. The operator will then configure all new workflows, with the "preview" profile, to use that Data Index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy Data Index via `SonataFlowPlatform` configuration. The operator will then configure all new workflows, with the "preview" or "gitops" profile, to use that Data Index.
```

          image: <image:tag> <5>
----

> <1> Determines whether "preview" profile workflows should be configured to use this service, defaults to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Determines whether "preview"  or "gitops" profile workflows should be configured to use this service, defaults to `true`
```

<2> Secret key of your postgresql credentials user, defaults to `POSTGRESQL_USER`
<3> PostgreSql JDBC URL
<4> Number of Data Index pods, defaults to `1`
<5> Custom Data Index container image name, if customization is required

[#deploy-job-service]

> === Jobs Service

Author: ```suggestion
=== Job Service
```

----

.Example of a SonataFlowPlatform instance with a Job Service deployment persisted to a postgresql database
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: sonataflow.org/v1alpha08
kind: SonataFlowPlatform
metadata:
  name: sonataflow-platform
spec:
  services:
    jobService:
      persistence:
        postgresql:
          secretRef:
            name: <creds-secret> <1>
          serviceRef:
            name: <postgresql-service> <2>
----

<1> Name of your postgresql credentials secret
<2> Name of your postgresql k8s service

.Example of a SonataFlowPlatform instance with a persisted Job Service deployment and custom pod configuration
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: sonataflow.org/v1alpha08
kind: SonataFlowPlatform
metadata:
  name: sonataflow-platform
spec:
  services:
    jobService:
      enabled: false <1>
      persistence:
        postgresql:
          secretRef:
            name: <creds-secret>
            userKey: <secret-user-key> <2>
          jdbcUrl: "jdbc:postgresql://host:port/database?currentSchema=data-index-service" <3>
      podTemplate:
        replicas: 1 <4>
        container:
          image: <image:tag> <5>
----

> <1> Determines whether "preview" profile workflows should be configured to use this service, defaults to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Determines whether "preview" or "gitops" profile workflows should be configured to use this service, defaults to `true`
```
